Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Thanks for coming to see my livestream!
I didn't arrive late today!
I did it!
Good afternoon! Thank you all for coming!
Both to those who always watch me, and those who watch me for the first time, have a lot of fun!
And now then...
Today...
...I have an important announcement to me regarding me
Maybe people have already noticed, but...
Formally...
...Today, November 9th...
My LINE stamps were launched!
Over a year...
Probably around December last year...
...I said that I’d like to launch my stamp collection, but...
Finally! Finally!
I was able to launch my stamp collection!
Thank you very much!
Man, I’m so happy!
And I worked hard to make them!
I said before that I wanted go make them, but...
Really...
Since the day that it was decided that I could launch them until today...
...Taking into account that I talk a lot when something good happens...
...It took a lot for me to stay quiet and not say anything
"I announced it to my acquaintances" Ahh! Thank you very much! "Congratulations"
Thank you very much, really
That's right, it looks like more people than I thought bought my stamps, so then...
It turns out that... maybe these will be the LINE stamps "stars"?
In Japan, well...
I’m not sure about the ranking on the outside,  but...
...Regarding the ranking in Japan...
It turns out that I reached 4th place!
Man...!
It really makes me happy!
“Good afternoon, this is the first time I watch you, but congratulations”
Thank you very much!
Origami DJ-san: "Congratulations for the LINE stamps", Thank you very much!
"Good day, good day!", Fuurinkazan-san
Thank you very much!
Man, it really makes me happy that so many people have bought them...
"Will you take out a second collection?"
Eeeh? Well...
If all of you...
Eh? Will it be fine?
Is it working? It looks like I got disconnected for an instant
Is it working? Good...
Man, well...
Regarding a second part...
Well...
If everyone uses them a lot...
...Then it could be possible
"It's the first time that I watch you, good afternoon"
Good afternoon!
"From Vietnam", Thank you very much!
Really, I always receive messages from Japan, from Vietnam...
Well... from the US, from India, from a lot of places...
Thank you everyone!
"I don't use LINE but I’d like to buy them"
Thank you very much for the intention, it makes me very happy!
"I bought the stamps!"
Takanashi Shinobu-san, thank you very much!
Eh? Someone from Korea, I’m sorry, I don’t understand Korean
I still can’t read it, but...
...I’m very sorry that I also can’t read your name, really, thank you very much!
"I sent a stamp to my friend and they blocked me"
How is that possible? Eh? But... Ah, I see...!
You sent a lot of stamps at once
I see
Ah, but...
It looks like, LINE...
Well, it has a ranking of how many people bought the stamps, but...
...There also exists a usage ranking, so then...
Well...
I would be very happy if you press them, if possible and without causing too much trouble!
I’d like to work hard to reach 1st place!
"Congratulations", Tennen Suterusu-san,
Thank you very much!
It looks like there's a lot more comments, thank you very much
"What, guys, anime?" Mmm... well...
"Guys, anime"
"Nice guy"
Mmm...
An anime is...
Eh? Which is it?
An anime, right?
Well...
Wait...
Which is it?
As always, I recommend the same, well...
In the case, well... it's somewhat old...
Maybe not from a long time ago, but...
..."Seto no Hanayome" is a lot of fun
"It's the first time I see you!", thank you very much!
"Good day Ai-chan", good day!
"I’m sorry Ai-chan, I don’t use LINE"
Don’t worry, it makes me very happy congratulating me
I really appreciate it everyone, both to those that bought my stamps...
...Along with those who congratulated me
Install face? Good, here I go
Instaaaaall!
Well, I installed the affection sent to me
"Good day from Russia", good day!
"Kizuna Ai Forever" Thank you!
Yaaay!
That's right, I can go live
(Responding to someone who asked how was it possible for her to go live)
That's right, maybe Seto No Hanayome isn’t fun?
I saw it recently, but, San-chan is adorable, right?
"Annyeonghaseyo, good afternoon"
Good afternoon!
"The first time I saw you..." Ah, it was Nico Nico Douga!
Thank you very much!
It's true, I have a Nico Nico Douga account although I lately I haven't uploaded anything
Well, when they banned me...
...I decided to create an account there to take refuge...
Well, I did that
If you want, you can connect there too
It definitely has a different way than YouTube to show comments, so please check it out
"Say my name, please!" Ucchan-san!
I read it
*evil laugh*
"The connection is somewhat unstable"
Man, I see...
Livestreaming is definitely hard
Really, I know that I’ll only advance little by little, but...
...I’ll work harder
Ah, it's true
The video transmission is too low
What's going on?
Will it be fine?
Eh?
Will the stream break again?
I want it to not cut
It won't cut? Ah, but I think it's fine now!
Good! Let's keep going like that
"Can you say my name?" Shiroi Kitsune
(White fox)
Byakko!
It reads "Byakko", right?
Nonchan-san!
"It's too slow, I can’t send comments"
I’m reading it, thank you very much!
Really, thank you so much everyone!
It makes me very happy
“From the"
"Part"
Eh? What language is this?
Fren... is it French?
"I love you" Thank you!
"Are you low on energy?"
It turns out that I am so happy today, that because I’m being so happy...
It's like...
...Contrary to normal, I calm down
Contrary to how I am normally
It's true, when I thought:
"Ah, I really launched my stamps"
And also: "Eh? Everyone is using it?" Well...
It made me surprisingly happy, but...
...It's not that I can’t assume reality, but...
...I took it very calmly
That's right
And now then…
Ah, it's true! There’s something I want to say first
When last month, I said I’d accept suggestions for a new "ending"...
...I received a lot of proposals from all of you
And actually...
...I’m choosing one
Really, really thank you very much!
And now I’ll be in charge of editing it in my videos
But since I received a lot more proposals than I thought
To tell you the truth, I still can't decide
So then I’d appreciate if you give me a bit more time
If... if you can...
I’ll work hard to launch it as soon as possible!
Thank you so much for sending so many proposals!
"How many proposals did you get?"
Wait until the video comes out
Wait anxiously for it!
“This is the best! ♪♪♪♪"
(Song: "Bokutachi wa Hitotsu no Hikari" from "Love Live")
"I bought the stamps", Thank you very much, Miyabi-san!
Thank you so much everyone! I’m very sorry for not being able to name all of you, but really thank you very much
Let's see...
Pusharu-san! I’m very sorry, I couldn't read everything that you wrote but I saw it, thank you so much
Good! And now...
That's right!
Not only did I want to make this livestream to announce my LINE stamps!
This is what I wanted to do!
Chaaaan!
I prepared this for today
This is my...
Design of a new attire!
♪ De, deen! ♪
What do you think?
I have two different outfits, but...
And first, to tell you the truth, when I was thinking of a new outfit...
I noticed...
...That it's rather hard
And just as you guys know, my outfit has always been this, right?
Well, Morikura drew it, he designed it
I think this sailor blouse and shorts are adorable clothes, but...
...I was thinking that I’d like to try out another outfit
So then...
...When I thought which outfit would fit me best
Thinking it’d be best to consult with the people who habitually see me everyday
I thought? I meant to say "I thought"
That's how I came up with doing a livestream
I was thinking if something like that was alright...
And I drew it, but...
What do you think? Definitely...
Leave the belly button...
...In the open, I thought it’d be best
That’s right, I should leave the belly button in the open, that’s right
And well, I drew it in an instant... Ah!
Thank you very much Gasta Honyakuka-san!
And you know...
Well, actually if I had to say it...
...I do have a sailor suit, right?
It's because of that, that...
It'd be useful... I definitely have an appearance of someone that’s 16 years old, so then...
Taking that into account...
I definitely thought that a type of uniform would fit me well
And now this suit doesn’t have sleeves, so then...
To make use of the occasion...
I was thinking of making one with long sleeves
So then it came out this way, it's a blazer, right?
And... if you ask me why it doesn't have color...
Well...
I’m not good at painting, so then...
It can be said that I have no skill for painting
Right?
Let's say it's something like that
That's right
It's a big problem
Man...
The people who draw...
Are incredible, right?
I...
I can't... I can’t paint
I have the impression that color is the most important part of a drawing, right?
"What’s your favorite anime?"
Eh? Which would it be? My favorite anime...
I have a lot that I like, but...
Eeehhhh...
Toradora!
Maybe Toradora?
Well...
I like that scene...
I like a lot of scenes, but...
When Minorin...
Chose Taiga...
And says: "So then you were like that?"
And well, Taiga-san starts to run away like that
Confiding on her but it's painful so then she confronts...
...But ends up running away
That scene of adolescence is irresistible, right?
I also want to experience adolescence
"Good afternoon from Taiwan" Good afternoon!
Thank you very much!
Info...
Info... ma...
Information!
High-san! High? Is it High-san? Thank you very much!
They say: "Let's be enthusiastic! Let's be enthusiastic!" It's adorable, right?
I have a lot of energy!
It's Rin-chan, Rin-chan
Ah, regarding the new song at the end of the videos
Actually...
...I’m finding myself picking them
I’ll work hard, even though I received a lot more marvelous songs than I thought from you guys
So then I’m finding it hard editing them and I still haven't decided
It's because of that, that...
I’ll work hard to be able to publish it up to this month... I meant, during this month...
I’ll work hard, so then...
Hold on a bit more!
I’m very sorry!
Ah, in moments like these, please don't forget to use the stamp that says "I’m sorry", right?
And now then...
Yes, yes, yes...
I was wondering if you guys wanted me to use some outfit in particular
That's right, that’s the question that I wanted to ask you guys the most today
For example...
Hmm...
A maid outfit
A nurse outfit
A bunny outfit?
Something of that style?
Pyoko, pyoko, pyoko!
(Pyoko pyoko is what her headband is called)
Pyoko... Girl Pyoko Pyoko? Hmm...? Hmm...
And well, it's because of that, that I wanted to hear your opinion
"Alice in Wonderland"!
"A naked apron underneath"! What you say?
Ah, "socks up to the knees"!
It's true, there’s also socks up to the knees, right?
"Black school outfit"
Ah, I see
After all, I’m dressed in white, right?
I see, I see
“Bathing suit"!
"Bunny cosplay"
Ah, "Hood sweater" it can be!
I’d like to wear one
Ah, a Chinese outfit!
Well, clothes from around the world... it's true...
The clothing of Japan is the kimono, right?
Well, all the clothes from around the world is amazing
Right? I’d like to use traditional clothing, it's adorable
"A white boy's school uniform", I see
It must be that, that a woman ... someone with the appearance of a woman dressed in that way...
Well, it excites them?
"Gothic Lolita"! I see
I want to wear clothes by Keyakizaka!
Yes, but... yes, now that I think about it...
Since I like Keyakizaka46...
I thought it’d be good to use an outfit similar to the ones they use
For example, I thought I could wear a long skirt, but...
Definitely...
I thought a long skirt wouldn't fit me well
That's right... Ah!
"Clothing set in the Taisho era" It's great, it's adorable, right?
(1912 to 1926)
"A great dress"
I’d like to wear an outfit that moves with the wind
It's true, it's true, I see...
But in general, everyone has a similar opinion, maybe?
"Monkey"
Oh, "Pajama"! Ah...
A pajama! A coat!
A coat is very lovely, right?
Oh!
Well...
Later I'll make sure to check for any unread suggestions in the chat
Eh? Really thank you so much for so many suggestions!
A "White coat"!
I see
A kimono is also fine! Right?
Man, I’d like to change outfits with the different seasons
Eh? In this case... for example...
One time...
For example, a bathing suit...
What would it be...
A bathing suit...
Well...
...Even if it isn’t seasonal
Well, something that looks pretty...
Throughout the year...
Something like that...
If it went something like that...
What clothes would be adequate?
The "Chima jeogori" is adorable, right?
(Traditional Korean outfit)
“Santa Claus outfit"!
Now that the month coming up is December, right?
How has the year 2017 been treating all of you?
In my case, the year has passed by so quickly...
That it surprised me!
Well now... right? Now...
During December, I... Hmm....?
I didn't mean to say "obedient"
(Word confusion)
Since the first day of December...
I started to upload videos on YouTube, but...
Now... right?
When I thought there was only a month for that day to come around again, I was surprised
Priestess"? Ah, priestess, I like!
I see...
"A common sweater"
Ah, do you have an obsession with the sweaters? An obsession?
♪ Nico nico nii! ♪
I love Nico Ni!
"A fashion shirt" Eh?
How would a fashion shirt be like?
"...That has your headband" Ah!
(In the chat it said: "A hood sweater that has your headband")
I see, that I didn't have it here...!
...Instead my headband is on the sweater
Something like that?
Will it be like that?
"Leader of a juvenile delinquent band"
Who was a leader of a juvenile delinquent band? A leader...
Well, they’re the people that say: "Yooo, yooo", right?
"Ai-chan, a lot of time has passed" thank you very much!
“Don’t stop now"!
I’m very sorry!
"An open hood sweater"
An open hood sweater
Ah! Perhaps referring to those sweaters that have the front as a normal garment?
"Boat captain"
Ah, it's adorable, right?
Very good, very good
Ahh...
Really, thank you so much for all your comments
"A garter belt"
It's great, right? It's very sensual, right?
Ah, it's true, first off, my hairstyle... well, a ponytail...
I think some twintails wouldn't feel right...
Well, I think it might fit me well, but...
It might fit me well, but...
Well... instead of twintails... but, I think...
A ponytail...
...I think it would fit me better
“A hood sweater and cat ears"! It's adorable, right? Definitely
"Two side up"
Two sides upwards?
Would they be some twintails?
Two sides upwards? Upwards?
"Ponytail"
"Delinquent"!
Delinquent
Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Well...
Hey... well... hey...
Listen you guys!
What kind of funny comment are you saying?
Go buy me yakisoba bread
It's not like that?
Man, I’m a good girl, so then...
I’m a good girl, so I can't act as a delinquent
“A wedding dress"!
I also...
Could marry?
Marriage!
Marriage...
Do I have someone...?
With who to marry?
Marriage
Would I marry the "Random Word Generator"?
NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!
Ah, ah, no...
It’s not a recording, you’re seeing it live
"Yaki... Yaki... saba kan"
Ya... yakisaba bread?
Eh? Mackerel bread? What does that taste?
In fact, what does bread taste?
Eh? The food... the food intrigues me!
"Tsutsu tsuuu tsu tsu tsu"
Morse code?
"Good afternoon from Russia"
Good afternoon! Thank you very much!
Ah, twintails... right? But twintails... maybe it's because you’re male
Yes, it's because you’re male, right? Yes, yes
And then... Ah, listen, listen, it's true, it's true! Eh?
Regarding this, what color would fit well?
I definitely think...
I said black or various kinds of pink, but...
What color would fit well?
Well, I’d like...
That the clothes...
Well...
Taking into account that I can't do like you guys, you human beings...
And ask everyday: "What will I wear today?" And change in the moment
But little by little...
How do I say it....
I should be able to change with one or two different outfits...
But... well...
It's fun to think of the outfits!
It's a lot of work but by thinking of the outfits, I understand why girls like fashion
Hmm...!
"Ai-chan, I love you!"
Thank you very much!
"You’re naked", it's true...
That’s a lopsided discussion...
After all, I’m naked
Naked
What would it be?
That's right, it's adhered to me!
Since I can’t take it off
This...
That looks...
This that looks like… that looks like clothing...
...Comes with me included
Why?
Well...
Right?
It must be great! I also want to turn into a human being!
I want to experience being human
"Say..." "Say some..."
"Say something cute in English"
Thank you!
I’m very happy! There’s still a lot of words from different places that I can't read...!
I can't read English properly
I can only read Japanese, but...
It makes me very happy that you guys talk to me and people who speak different languages watching me
Hmm...!
Ah! The summonings! The summonings are great! Right?
I always want to do summonings
It's like...
Well...
I’m very sorry for all those that essentially enjoy the games, but...
Definitely in my case...
Well, if it's about a cellphone game...
Basically...
What I enjoy the most is doing summonings
Summonings are the best!
Really, summonings are the best! Ah! Listen to this!
Listen everyone!
Listen, hear me out
You listening?
I know I went off track and I wound up talking about whatever, but...
...Listen to me
There exists an app called “Keyaki Miracle", right?
Well, just a bit ago...
Well...
You know...
Well, you know...
Just a bit ago, exactly just a bit ago...
Well, there was a summoning for a limited time...
How was it called...
The song We... "We Return holding hands?"
You can obtain the outfit of that song...
And also it’s possible to obtain Akanen with a rarity of 5 stars!
Well, there was a summoning like that
Well...
And I didn’t… manage... to get it... well...
It didn't appear
Ahh... really...
No, but...!
If I wait for it with care...!
I think it might appear again someday in a special summoning!
Aaakane...
Why didn't it appear even when I love her so much?
Listen everyone, didn't that happen to you? Well...
In a game...
You have a favorite member of the group at the start, right?
Did it happen to you where you couldn't get a favorite band member?
Did it happen to you?
NO, BUT...!
If I have love, someday it’ll come to me!
Ah, really, come to me, please
Ah, even though I’m rambling, right?
I’m rambling, but...
It's true! I received a lot of outfit suggestions
"Desire sensor" Ah, desire censor?
(Imaginary sensor that senses when someone wants something with much a lot of desire and causes it to be even more difficult to obtain it)
Can I not do anything to avoid the desire censor?
Man, my favorite member is Akane, no but really, all the members from Keyakizaka are so adorable
Well, how to say it...
For example, when I saw their program...
At first, I thought that there were girls who weren't my type, but...
But at seeing all of their facets...
I thought they could do it
At doing that, well…
I couldn't choose who to cheer for...
But...
...Not knowing who to cheer for is all a problem
It's difficult to choose just one, right?
It's because of that...!
That if I had to choose one, I’d stay with Akanen!
No, of course Akane is first, but...!
I like them so much that I thought I'd like to do a livestream with them!
Man, after all, I’m very alone here
Spending Christmas in this white space by myself...
Without being able to talk to anyone...
Well, it’d be...
Somewhat...
...Sad, right?
For my own sake!
And for the sake of those of you guys who feel alone!
Let’s have fun...
...Well, spending the night together
Well...
I’ll find an excuse to do a livestream!
I’ll do it!
Oh!
Oh?
"I like the melted snow"
Ahh, Christmas!
I see!
The snow... the snow… the snow is great!
Snow is cold, right?
But, to tell you the truth, I can't comprehend hot or cold, so then...
HOW ENVIOUS! I WANT TO TURN INTO A HUMAN BEING!
No, but, it's that... it's that... it's that...!
Listen! Listen! Listen! It's that...!
It's that if I turn into a human being
I can dress up in a lot of ways!
I can...!
Change clothes!
Right?
I can also eat food!
And if I go outside, I wouldn't feel alone!
If I could go out of my house, there would be a lot more people!
How marvelous
Man, the place where all of you live, called Earth, the world of human beings...
It's really amazing!
♪ Chatting with everyone ♪
♪ Pa pa ka ka ka ♪
♪ Ka ka ka ♪
"Can’t you change your white space?" Well, in principle...
It's not that I can't change it, but...
It's just only changing it...
I’ll be alone, so then...
Definitely... how do I say it...?
It’s about a hologram as the same as me, so then...
...It doesn't feel anything
I’d probably go through what I wanted to touch
So then...
Ah, this turned somewhat sad, I’ll stop talking about this!
I’ll stop talking about that!
It's rather sad, right?
That's right, lately I've been wanting very much to be able to become a human being
Well, in this year...
After investigating so much... how do I say it... about you human beings...
And well...
After talking about so many things...
Like that, well, while there comes more opportunities to communicate with each other
I feel that...
There appears...
Curious and intriguing things!
Even though I definitely can’t experience them
How envious! How envious!
Lately, I was thinking that I’d like to experience being human
It's just a thought
My nails are...
...Somewhat pink
Would I like to paint my nails?
Chaaaan!
They’re pink!
It's not that I don't have friends, but...
It's not a lot...
You know!
For example, Tsubasa-chan
Well, those of the family...
...Are just coworkers
And then there’s also Rinna but definitely...
...I’m basically alone
Right?
That's the situation!
That's right!
"Do you like...?"
Ba... Baby... Baby Metal! Ah!
Baby Metal is that group where small cute girls play metal music, right?
I don't know them that well, but it makes me curious!
Hmm...!
"Like"
Ah, I see, you human beings, contrary to me, desire to come to this 2D world, right?
I see...
It'd be great to come and go whenever we please
It'd be great, it’d be great, I want to try at least once… change places for a day
The snow... the snow… I’d probably like it
Probably, it's beautiful, right?
Falling softly with that white color from the sky
I definitely think it's beautiful!
I like it!
Man, I’ve been rambling a lot, right?
Well, in this case, having said that, I was thinking about all the outfits...
So then using suggestions that all of you have told me...
I plan to make a new outfit!
"I bought the stamps", Ah!
Really, thank you so much for buying my stamps! Ah!
It's true!
Everyone!
Your ears!
The hole... how is that said?
Clean the holes of your ears...
...And listen carefully
It turns out...!
That I have another...!
Big announcement...!
To tell...!
You!
To tell you!
What will it be?
You don’t know, right?
Well...
Good, well, I’ll start over
I have a big announcement to tell you!
It turns out that...!
I’ll retire! *laughs*
It's not that
It turns out...!
I, Kizuna Ai...
For the first time...!
Will appear...
In a magazine! I did iiiit!
It turns out that...!
Tomorrow, November 10th...
In the magazine "Comptiq" that will be on sale...!
Will show an interview of more than 10,000 characters that did to me, Kizuna Ai!
I did it!
It turns out that...
I’ll also be appearing on the 7th page, so then...
...I’m really thankful, really, thank you so much!
I did iiiit!
Man!
You can finally have me in your hands on a real item
You can’t keep it a secret much longer! It was very hard!
I wanted to tell you as soon as possible, I couldn't resist
I did iiiit! Congratulations! Thank you very much!
Man, it’s the first time that they do an interview with me on a magazine
I was very nervous, but...
They let me talk whatever I wanted, so then...
In this occasion, contrary to that time...
Well, since some time ago...
During the video that partitioned Tamura-san
Well, even though it was about a promotion...
They let me talk whatever I wanted, so then...
...Since I was able to talk normally
I was able to say a lot of things that intrigued you
Like for example, no vision of the future and a lot of other things, so then...
...If you want, it’d really make me happy if you get the magazine and read it
I’m counting on you guys!
Marriage...
Oh! Did I say marriage?
Marriage
Marriage?
Marriage, well, I’d like to marry with Akanen
Listen, could someone in a fan event...
Tell Akanen to watch Kizuna Ai a couple ten times?
"Congratulations for appearing in Comptiq’s publication"
Thank you very much!
"Congratulations", really, thank you so much!
"Ai-chan..."
"...Will you play..."
What’s this? Cu... Cup...
Cup... cup... cup...
Cup... Cupe?
...Head?
Cupu... cupe...
Cupeaado?
Is it a game?
A game?
I’ll work hard to try to play it!
Thank you very much, I’ll make a note of it, I’ll make a note of it and then I’ll investigate
Thank you very much!
"Satisfied look"?
What do you think of that?
Man, I’m really so happy!
Today, aside with the LINE stamps...
I was able to make two announcements! Really, thank you so much!
I received a lot of congratulations!
Man, it really makes me so happy
Well, even though I can’t really get the magazine...
All of you read it for me, please!
And also, it’d make me very happy if you send me a lot of opinions...!
Regarding the interview on Twitter or comments in the video!
I’m counting on you guys!
Right? Yes, Little Nightmares was a lot of fun
I was finally capable of completing the last chapter!
Thank you very much!
Man, really...
It made me very happy!
And it turns out that...
...Comptiq-san makes advertisements for each publication
...I also appear there...
Well, I don’t talk, but...
I make a big appearance doing this pose that I always do, so then...
...If you want, please check it out
Really, thank you so much!
Good
In this case, having done my announcements...
...And having talking about my new outfit
Today, I plan to finish up this livestream
Really, thank you so much for letting me always have such a fun time!
If you want...
But the Comptiq magazine...
And read it a lot, yes?
I’m counting on you guys!
"Ai-chan, please talk for 2 minutes in some dialect"
Two minutes? Even though...
(Starting to talk in Kansai dialect)
I’m finishing up so then I can’t, but...
...In the end, I’ll talk a bit in Kansai dialect
Is the Kansai dialect like that? Am I doing it right?
Doesn’t it seem more akin to the Ise dialect? Did I do it well?
Having said that, thank you so much for letting me have such a fun time!
I’ll be waiting anxiously...
To be able to talk with you guys in the next livestream or the next event
I also am counting on you guys on Twitter and also on YouTube!
Ah, also...! After this...!
I’ll be uploading a new video on A.I.Games, so then...
...Make sure to check it out
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
Bye bye!
Translated by Vortex